move HA scenario to AAC (#41)
Azure/AKS-Landing-Zone-Accelerator: Scenarios/High-Availability-Baseline/README.md

# High Availability (HA) Baseline for Enterprise-grade applications on AKS

> This guide has been moved to Microsoft Learn. Access it [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/architecture/guide/aks/aks-high-availability)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide has been moved to Microsoft Learn, see [High availability for multitier AKS applications](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/architecture/guide/aks/aks-high-availability).
```
